1) Line 12 will print the value 2 since i was initially declared using var and there are 3 indexes in the provided array, so scope isn't an issue here
2) Similar to the previous question, discountedPrice was declared using var, so there is no scoping issue and line 13 will print out 150 since 300 was the final value in the array and we multiply it by the discount 1 - 0.50
3) Once again, line 14 will have no issues since the variable finalPrice was declared with var, so it will print 150 since 150 will be held inside finalPrice. This will remain unchanged after the calculations in line 8. 
4) The function will return an array of values representing the discounted price of each item
5) Since i was declared using let, a scoping error will be thrown at line 12 and therefore, not printing the value of i
6) Similar to #5, discountedPrice was declared using let, and since the console.log() statement is outside of that code block, it will result in a scoping error
7) finalPrice was declared outside of the code block for the for loop, so there shouldn't be any issues and the value 150 will be printed
8) Similar to #7, discounted was declared outside of the code block, so it would print the array of all discounted prices
9) This will have the exact same issue as #5, since we are trying to print i outside of its code block, we will inevitably have issues and therefore, have a scoping error thrown
10) Line 12 will print 3 since length was declared as a const and we are not trying to change it anywhere in the code, so this should work fine
11) We will get an error since we are trying to alter discounted even though we originally declared it with const
12) A) student.name B) student['Grad Year'] C) student.greeting() D) student['Favorite Teacher'].name E) student.courseload[0]
13) A) '3'+2 output '32', likely because as mentioned in the lab writeup, integers will map to their string representations. B) '3'-2 output 1 for the opposite reason as part A, javascript converted the '3' into an int and then finished the equation 3-2. This is because the "-" doesn't work on strings, so javscript had to make a workaround. C) 3+null output 3 since in many cases, comparison will convert null to 0, therefore converting this eqution into 3+0. D) '3'+null output '3null' since null will be converted into a string to meet with the standards of the equation. This is basically the same reason why '3'+2 output '32' in part A. E) true+3 output 4 because often times, Javascript will see true as 1, so this equation is the same as 1+3. F) false+3 output 3 since false is typically seen as 0, so this is the same as 0+3. G) '3'+undefined output '3undefined' since the "+" operator works on strings, therefore converting 'undefined' into a string to work with the '3' string. H) '3'-undefined returned NaN since as previously mentioned, the '-' operator does not work on strings, and since the '3' is a string, it tried to convert undefined into a string and subtract it from '3', which does not work.
14) A) '2' > 1 returns true since '2' will be converted into an int and then compared with 1, which is true in this condition. B) '2' < '12' returns false since the first character in '12' is less than the first character in '1'. C) 2 == '2' becomes true since the string '2' turns into 2 and then results in a true statement. D) 2 === '2' is false since they are not the same type: one is a string and the other is an int. E) true == 2 is false since true in javascript is treated the same as an int 1, making the statment incorrect. F) true === Boolean(2) is true since Boolean(2) becomes true since 2 is a non-zero value, thus making the statement true since they are of the same type
15) The "==" operator is used to determine if two variables are equal. They don't necessarily have to be the same type. On the other hand, "===" is used to determine is two variables are of the same type. 
16) See the part2-question16.js file 
17) The function would return an array with values [2, 4, 6]. This is because we are passing in the array [1, 2, 3] and the function doSomething(), which multiplies any number it is given by 2. The for loop applies the doSomething function to every value in the given array, which is why it returns the array [2, 4, 6]. 
18) See the part2-question18.js file
19) The code outputs 1, then 2 after 1 second, and then 3 and 4 almost immediately afterwards 

