1) The asynchronous nature may be a cause of JavaScript issues because it is very easy to mess up programs that attempt to run various tasks at the same time, causing JavaScript to have a much stronger learning curve in comparison to other languages. Additionly, its loose typing can also cause severe issues when not looked at carefully, therefore allowing the prevelance of bugs and errors to be much higher in JavaScript. Finally, the web platform it runs on can be an issue since it would be very limiting for the developer to implement other languages such as C++. 
2) The developers most likely made it loosely typed the same reason why you cannot get errors in HTML: it prevents websites from crashing at every moment. Having entire webpages go down over adding 2 wrong data types together can inevitably cause severe issues for the user. On the other hand, the asynchronous feature was likely addded so that websites can grow stronger and allow the user to perform various tasks at the same time instead of doing something one at a time with procedural programming. 
3) A compiled language is where code is turned into machine code before execution while an interpreted language is immediately compiled and never turned into machine code. JavaScript is an interpreted language since there is no time to convert the code into machine code and still make it just as fast for the user. In other words, if JavaScript were an interpreted language, it would make webpages run much slower. 
4) I think the professr is focusing on vanilla Javascript so that we understand the fundamentals before reaching out to any other frameworks. If we understand foundational JavaScript, then it wil be easy to learn just about any framework out there. On the other hand, not learning frameworks can also be limiting, since vanilla JavaScript would only be able to do so much. For instance, frameworks such as React would make certain tasks much easier than pure JavaScript.
5) This lab provides me with a solid understanding of how to write basic JavaScript as well as the tools surrounding it. I could use this information to make certain tasks in my website way smoother and easier for the user. 